[doc] Completely reorganize installation instructions. (#11582)
lowRISC/opentitan: doc/getting_started/install_vivado/index.md

   If you don't have a valid license and if you're only planning to work with devices supported by the free WebPACK license, you can also choose "Vivado HL WebPACK" instead.

   ![Vivado installation step 5](img/step5.png)

9. Choose the features to install.
   You can restrict the features to the ones shown in the screenshot below.
   Click "Next" to continue.

   ![Vivado installation step 6](img/step6.png)

10. Choose an installation location.
    Any location which doesn't have a whitespace in its path and enough free space is fine.
    We use `/tools` in our example, but a path in `/opt` or within the home directory works equally well.
    Click "Next" to continue.

    ![Vivado installation step 7](img/step7.png)

11. Double-check the installation summary and click on "Install" to start the installation process.

    ![Vivado installation step 8](img/step8.png)

12. Now Vivado is downloaded and installed, a process which can easily take multiple hours.

    ![Vivado installation step 9](img/step9.png)

13. As soon as the installation has completed close the installer and you're now ready to use Vivado!

## Device permissions: udev rules

> To program FPGAs user using Vivado typically needs to have permission to USB devices connected to the PC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To program FPGAs the user using Vivado typically needs to have permissions to access USB devices connected to the PC.
```
